docs(changelog): Add release note for gate feature to add X-SPINNAKER-* fields to response header and its configuration (#302)
spinnaker/spinnaker.io: content/en/docs/releases/next-release-preview/index.md

- The Red/Black rollout strategy is marked as deprecated in the UI. Change done [here](https://github.com/spinnaker/deck/pull/9911)
- A Blue/Green rollout strategy is added that is functionally equivalent to the Red/Black rollout strategy. Changes done in [clouddriver](https://github.com/spinnaker/clouddriver/pull/5811) and [orca](https://github.com/spinnaker/orca/pull/4332)
- Introduce a pipeline validator in Front50 that validates if red/black is used when creating/updating a Kubernetes pipeline.  For now, it is logging a warning, but it will fail when we remove the red/black Kubernetes traffic management strategy. Change done [here](https://github.com/spinnaker/front50/pull/1176)

### Gate

> Expand support of adding request header fields to response header - previously defaulting and limited to `X-SPINNAKER-REQUEST-ID` - to all fields with `X-SPINNAKER` prefix. A new configuration property `interceptors.responseHeader.fields` is added to allow specifying which fields to be included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/spinnaker/gate/pull/1610 expands support for adding request headers to the response header.  Previously limited to `X-SPINNAKER-REQUEST-ID`, it's now possible to specify any fields with a `X-SPINNAKER` prefix via the new `interceptors.responseHeader.fields` configuration property.  The default value is `X-SPINNAKER-REQUEST-ID` to preserve the previous functionality.
```

```yaml
#gate.yml

interceptors:
  responseHeader:
    fields:
      - X-SPINNAKER-REQUEST-ID
      - X-SPINNAKER-USER
```

> Change done [here](https://github.com/spinnaker/gate/pull/1610)

Reviewer: If the above is OK, we can ditch this.
```suggestion
```
